(DOCSP-14652): Update migrations examples (#959)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/ios/examples/modify-an-object-schema.txt

migration for any old instances of a given object to the new schema.
{+client-database+} can automatically migrate added and removed
properties, but does not automatically set values for new properties
unless the new object schema specifies a default value.

To define custom migration logic, set the :swift-sdk:`migrationBlock
<Structs/Realm/Configuration.html#/s:10RealmSwift0A0V13ConfigurationV14migrationBlockyAA9MigrationV_s6UInt64VtcSgvp>`
property of the :swift-sdk:`Configuration
<Structs/Realm/Configuration.html>` when :ref:`opening a realm
<ios-configure-and-open-a-realm>`.

The migration block receives a :swift-sdk:`Migration object
<Structs/Migration.html>` that you can use to perform the migration. You
can use the Migration object's :swift-sdk:`enumerateObjects(ofType:_:)
<Structs/Migration.html#/s:10RealmSwift9MigrationV16enumerateObjects6ofType_ySS_yAA13DynamicObjectCSg_AHtXEtF>`

> method to iterate over and update all instances of a given Realm type in

Reviewer: Source constant?
```suggestion
method to iterate over and update all instances of a given {+service-short+} type in
```

            :language: objectivec

.. tip:: Linear Migrations

   Avoid nesting ``if (oldSchemaVersion < X)`` statements in migration
   blocks. This ensures that users see all upgrades, no matter which
   schema version they start from.

.. _ios-rename-a-property:

Rename a Property
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To rename a property during a migration, use the
:swift-sdk:`Migration.renameProperty(onType:from:to:)
<Structs/Migration.html#/s:10RealmSwift9MigrationV14renameProperty6onType4from2toySS_S2StF>`
method. 

Make sure that your new models have a property with the new name and

> don't have a property with the old name. {+client-database+} applies any

Reviewer: This sentence:
```
Make sure that your new models have a property with the new name and
don't have a property with the old name.
```
As someone unfamiliar with migrations in iOS/the swift SDK, I found this confusing. Does this just explain that when you rename a property, you shouldn't create a new property with a new name and leave an existing property with the old name? That just seems intuitive to me, but maybe I'm missing some context from all of the  other examples on this page. Personally I would probably just leave this sentence out because it didn't add any new information that helped me understand the concept and (again, personally) confused me a bit because I second-guessed my understanding of renaming a property in the models.
